ROCKET LEAGUE BOARD GAME — ROOM ACCESS UPDATE (STAGE 1)

This package is prepared, not deployed. It closes public database access when
both the code and rules below are installed. It does NOT yet make Hidden Hands
private from a room member inspecting browser data, or prevent a room member
from editing scores through direct database calls. Use trusted testers for now.

1. BACK UP
Finish any current matches. Copy your entire project folder to a backup folder.
Keep the copy of the uploaded source; do not overwrite your only working copy.
The new rules block old rooms. Old 4-character codes will no longer work.
This update does not delete the old database records.

2. ENABLE SIGN-IN
Firebase Console -> your project -> Build -> Authentication.
Click Get started if shown. Open Sign-in method, choose Anonymous, turn Enable
on, and Save. Players do not need to enter an email or password.
This must be enabled before the updated online client can work.
Reference: https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/anonymous-auth

3. PREPARE THE FILES
Extract this ZIP. Open its src folder and copy all files inside it into your
EXISTING main src folder, replacing matches. onlineIdentity.js is new.
Do not put src inside src. Your existing assets/cars images stay where they are.
The unchanged partyCards.js is included alongside partyMultiplayer.js.
Do not replace package.json; this update uses the Firebase package you already have.

4. BUILD BEFORE SWITCHING
In the terminal at the project folder (the folder containing package.json):
  npm run build
If there is a build error, stop and share it before changing production rules.
I checked the source bundle and tested the rules locally; I did not run your
Vercel deployment or a full match in real browsers.

5. SWITCH DATABASE RULES, THEN DEPLOY
Allow a short maintenance window: old clients will stop working at this step.
Open database.rules.json from this ZIP and copy ALL its text.
Firebase Console -> Build -> Realtime Database -> Rules.
Replace the ENTIRE old rules text with it, then Publish.
Do not paste it beneath the old .read/.write permissions: broad parent access
would defeat the restrictions.

Redeploy your updated project to Vercel using the same method you normally use.
If Vercel is connected to your Git repository, commit/push the updated src files
and check that the new production deployment succeeds.
Changing files locally alone does not update your public Vercel website.
Reload the game on all browsers and create a NEW 8-character room.
Rules have no scheduled expiration.

6. CHECK BEFORE INVITING PEOPLE
Use two separate browsers/devices (or a normal and incognito window):
- Create and join a Classic room. Both choose cars. Start, roll, finish a turn.
- Try a second room at the same time and confirm it stays separate.
- Test host kick: the removed player should lose access.
- Create a Party room. Both choose cars, set rounds, start, roll turn order,
  and roll a die. Check a complete turn and a battle.
- Confirm a fifth player cannot join a full room.
- Confirm normal local play still works.

LIMITS / NEXT STAGE
The room code is an invitation. A signed-in user knowing the code may join an
open lobby with space. Anonymous sign-in is an authenticated browser identity,
not proof of a real person's identity. Clearing browser data can create a new
identity; a kick is not a permanent person/IP ban.

Rules protect room boundaries, host metadata and lobby membership. Classic's
stateJson still contains all hands/decks and can be updated by room members.
Party gameplay still runs in member browsers. Host checks inside the UI are not
an anti-cheat boundary. Neither mode is cheat-proof within a room yet.

To finish the full security request, move gameplay actions to a trusted backend,
validate moves/card use/turn ownership there, separate public room snapshots
from each player's private cards/effects, and reject direct client game writes.
Then test privacy and cross-player actions with malicious clients. Add request
rate limits and App Check as abuse-reduction measures; Anonymous Auth alone
does not stop someone from creating many accounts/rooms or consuming quotas.
This server work is not implemented by this stage-1 ZIP.
Never put a Firebase service-account private key in src, a VITE_ variable, a
public repository, or a chat message. It belongs only in server secret settings.

PRIVATE COPY / STOPPING ACCESS
An identical private testing copy should use a separate Firebase project and
restricted access. A different Vercel URL alone is not isolation.
For an emergency stop of online database access, replace the rules with:
  { "rules": { ".read": false, ".write": false } }
This stops online play; it does not erase database records or downloaded code.
Keep access closed while fixing a deployment problem. Do not restore the old
public test rules as a workaround. Local/pass-and-play can still be used.

TESTS INCLUDED (OPTIONAL; NOT NEEDED TO INSTALL)
56 Firebase Emulator permission checks passed, plus actual client-API smoke
checks for Classic creation/join/capacity/start/sync/car selection/kick/end and
Party creation/join/cars/settings/start/turn-order/roll/leave/end.
The emulator used fake users and a demo project, not your live database.
The tests do not assert hidden-hand privacy or server-authoritative scoring.
The test folder has a separate package.json. Its dependencies are test-only.
From the project root:
  npm install --prefix tests
  node tests/build-test-api.mjs
  npx --prefix tests firebase emulators:exec --only database --project demo-rl-security --config firebase.security.json "node tests/room-access.test.mjs && node tests/api-smoke.test.mjs"
The database emulator requires Java. The included firebase.security.json is for
local testing; it does not overwrite an existing firebase.json.
